Music catalog
Roles: administrator, moderator, registered user and anonymous/unregistered users

The system is used for the purchase of musicians' songs by media companies. The system must have the ability to log in and log out of users from the system. There is one built-in administrator in the system (username: admin, password: foi). The administrator is a registered user whose type is equal to 0. The system must contain the page about_author.html (the link to the page must be in the header of each page) which contains the personal data of the author (all data are mandatory): first name, last name, index number, email (mandatory FOI mail), center, year (academic year of first enrollment in the IWA course) and a 300x400px JPG format image (e.g. as on a personal card or index).

An anonymous/unregistered user sees a list of all songs purchased from media companies sorted by the number of likes. For each song, the audio track, the username of the user who created the song, the number of likes for the song and the name of the song are displayed. It can start a song.

In addition to its functionalities, the registered user has all the same functionalities as the unregistered user. The name and surname of the registered user and their type (descriptive, eg user) must be written on each page. Can create a new own song. When creating a song, you must provide a name, a link to the audio recording, and a description of the song. The date and time the song was created is automatically saved, and the rest of the data is currently empty. The user can see a list of all his songs with information about the name and description of the song, the date and time of creation, the date and time of purchase (if any) and the audio recording of the song, while also indicating whether the song: was purchased (then it contains the date and time of purchase) , purchase requested (contains media company id, but no date and time of purchase) or not purchased (no media company id and date and time of purchase). For each requested song, he can approve the purchase by the media company or reject it. The date and time of the purchase is saved automatically when the purchase is approved, and when the song is rejected, the id of the media company is set to null. He can update his individual song as long as the song is not purchased. Unlike a non-registered user, he sees a list of all songs. Can filter the playlist by publisher and/or time period. The time period is defined by the beginning and end in the form of date and time, and refers to the moment of song creation (date and time). Clicking on the link containing the name of the song opens the song details page, where the name of the song, date and time of creation, number of likes, description and button for liking the song, as well as the name and surname of the user who created the song and the name of the media company if the song was purchased, are displayed. By clicking the like button, he can indicate that he likes the song.

In addition to its functionalities, the moderator has all the functionalities as a registered user. Like a registered user, he can see the list of all songs where songs that have not been purchased are highlighted (eg with a different color or bold text). He can request to buy a specific song, saving the id of the media company. Cannot request to purchase a song that has already been requested or purchased. He can see a list of all requested songs for the media company he belongs to, where the purchase status is written in text form ("purchased", "awaiting approval").

In addition to its functions, the administrator also has all the functions of a moderator. Enters, updates and reviews system users and defines their types. Enters, updates and reviews media houses (eg Media house "Iva"). The moderator always belongs to one media company, and one media company can have several moderators. See the number of likes by media company.

Note: All dates must be entered by the user and displayed to the user in the "d.m.Y" format, and the time (00:00:00 - 23:59:59) in the "H:i:s" format (do not use dates and thus HTML type for input element). The format "d.m.Y" represents the PHP code of the given function and is mapped to the Croatian format "dd.mm.yyyy". The format "H:i:s" represents the PHP code of the given function and is mapped to the Croatian format "hh.mm.ss". The server is called localhost and the database is iwa_2021_vz_projekt. The user to access the database is called iwa_2021, and the password is foi2021. When creating a project solution, the instructions must be followed exactly and MUST NOT be changed (server name, database, table structure, user and password). The completed solution of the project task should be sent through the solution submission system, followed by a notification and agreement on the defense of the project. The defense of the project solution is done on the computer and the teacher's database.

Link to video demo: https://www.awesomescreenshot.com/video/9560384?key=33920867e87c0a936b5e4e20fa09f716
You can find list of users in sql file.
